[Music]
i found a love
for
me
darling just dive
[Applause]
[Music]
beautiful and sweet
well i never knew you were there's
someone waiting for me
cause we were just kids when we fell in
love
not knowing what if
[Music]
your heart is
in
[Music]
listening to our favorite song when you
said you looked a mess i whispered
underneath my breath but you
heard it darling you
look
perfect tonight
[Music]
well i found a woman
stronger than anyone i know
she shares
[Music]
to carry more than just my secrets to
carry love
to carry children
of our own
[Music]
darlings
dancing
[Music]
listening to our favorite song when i
saw you in that dress
[Music]
baby
she looks perfect
i don't
deserve this you
look
perfect
tonight
[Music]
you